api/src/dao/README.rst, before:

Overview
--------

Models for tables in the MySQL database.  Models are created with the ``SQLAlchemy`` module.

Files
-----

+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Filename                  | Description                                                                                  |
+===========================+==============================================================================================+
| ``activationCodeDao.py``  | Data Access for the ``ActivationCode`` model and ``activationcode`` MySQL table.             |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``basicDao.py``           | Reusable functions used throughout the DAO classes.                                          |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``codeDao.py``            | Data Access for the ``Code`` model and ``codes`` MySQL table.                                |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``commentDao.py``         | Data Access for the ``Comment`` model and ``comments`` MySQL table.                          |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``flairDao.py``           | Data Access for the ``Flair`` model and ``flair`` MySQL table.                               |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``forgotPasswordDao.py``  | Data Access for the ``ForgotPassword`` model and ``forgotpassword`` MySQL table.             |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``groupDao.py``           | Data Access for the ``Group`` model and ``groups`` MySQL table.                              |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``groupMemberDao.py``     | Data Access for the ``GroupMember`` model and ``groupmembers`` MySQL table.                  |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``logDao.py``             | Data Access for the ``Log`` model and ``logs`` MySQL table.                                  |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``messageDao.py``         | Data Access for the ``Message`` model and ``messages`` MySQL table.                          |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``notificationDao.py``    | Data Access for the ``Notification`` model and ``notifications`` MySQL table.                |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``userDao.py``            | Data Access for the ``User`` model and ``users`` MySQL table.                                |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Commit message:

implementing team routes, teamDao and teamMemberDao

api/src/dao/README.rst, after:

Overview
--------

Models for tables in the MySQL database.  Models are created with the ``SQLAlchemy`` module.

Files
-----

+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Filename                  | Description                                                                                  |
+===========================+==============================================================================================+
| ``activationCodeDao.py``  | Data Access for the ``ActivationCode`` model and ``activationcode`` MySQL table.             |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``basicDao.py``           | Reusable functions used throughout the DAO classes.                                          |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``codeDao.py``            | Data Access for the ``Code`` model and ``codes`` MySQL table.                                |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``commentDao.py``         | Data Access for the ``Comment`` model and ``comments`` MySQL table.                          |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``flairDao.py``           | Data Access for the ``Flair`` model and ``flair`` MySQL table.                               |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``forgotPasswordDao.py``  | Data Access for the ``ForgotPassword`` model and ``forgotpassword`` MySQL table.             |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``groupDao.py``           | Data Access for the ``Group`` model and ``groups`` MySQL table.                              |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``groupMemberDao.py``     | Data Access for the ``GroupMember`` model and ``groupmembers`` MySQL table.                  |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``logDao.py``             | Data Access for the ``Log`` model and ``logs`` MySQL table.                                  |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``messageDao.py``         | Data Access for the ``Message`` model and ``messages`` MySQL table.                          |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``notificationDao.py``    | Data Access for the ``Notification`` model and ``notifications`` MySQL table.                |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``teamDao.py``            | Data Access for the ``Team`` model and ``teams`` MySQL table.                                |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``teamMemberDao.py``      | Data Access for the ``TeamMember`` model and ``teammembers`` MySQL table.                    |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``userDao.py``            | Data Access for the ``User`` model and ``users`` MySQL table.                                |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
